README.md, before:

# GIDE - The best IDE for GTK+ 3 #

GTK+ 3 does not have a complete IDE, generally you use your favourite
IDE and creates the GUI with Glade. Now this ends. GIDE includes features
like code generation, projects and others that make development with
GTK+ 3 easy and intuitive.

## Features ##

- [ ] Projects
- [ ] Code Generation
- [ ] Support for C and C++
- [ ] GUI designer
- [ x ] GTKSourceView

## Project structure ##

* `docs/`: Documentation about GIDE
* `icons/`: All application icons, the subfolders are: `files/` icons for
files and folders on the project view. `app/` for the application icon
in 16x16, 22x22, 24x24, 32x32 and 64x64.
* `in_use_help/`: Help files to show inside the IDE.
* `include/`: C++ header files.
* `src/`: C++ source files.
* `ui/`: Glade files.

## Contributing ##

We use the [contributor covenant code of conduct](CODEOFCONDUCT.md)

## Contributors ##

* Alejandro Linarez Rangel (@alinarezrangel)

**Add your name here after doing a contribution**

## License ##

See the [LICENSE file](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Working on the New Project Assistant

README.md, after:

# GIDE - The best IDE for GTK+ 3 #

GTK+ 3 does not have a complete IDE, generally you use your favourite
IDE and creates the GUI with Glade. Now this ends. GIDE includes features
like code generation, projects and others that make development with
GTK+ 3 easy and intuitive.

**Note**: This project is incomplete. For now, it's basically just an
application template for GTK+ 3. If you want to help, you can make a pull
request.

## Features ##

- [ ] Projects
- [ ] Code Generation
- [ ] Support for C and C++
- [ ] GUI designer
- [x] GTKSourceView

## Project structure ##

* `docs/`: Documentation about GIDE
* `icons/`: All application icons, the subfolders are: `files/` icons for
files and folders on the project view. `app/` for the application icon
in 16x16, 22x22, 24x24, 32x32 and 64x64.
* `in_use_help/`: Help files to show inside the IDE.
* `include/`: C++ header files.
* `src/`: C++ source files.
* `ui/`: Glade files.

## Contributing ##

We use the [contributor covenant code of conduct](CODEOFCONDUCT.md)

## Contributors ##

* Alejandro Linarez Rangel (@alinarezrangel)

**Add your name here after doing a contribution**

## License ##

See the [LICENSE file](LICENSE).

[contribute]: https://github.com/alinarezrangel/gide/issues
